[e2e trading demo] Frontend (#16198)
MystenLabs/sui: examples/trading/frontend/README.md

# Trading e2e demo - Frontend

> This dApp was created using `@mysten/create-dapp` that sets up a simple React

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This dApp was created using `@mysten/create-dapp` that sets up a basic React
```
Same note on "simple" as "easy" :)

Reviewer 2: (I believe this bit is generated by the `create-dapp` script so we will also need to update the wording at the source).

Author: Indeed, fixed it from all places I could find it!

Client dApp.

## First Steps

Before running the frontend, it's recommended that you follow the API setup to

> publish the contracts (or re-use the published ones)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[publish the contracts](../api/README.md) (or re-use the published ones).
```

> [by clicking here](../api/README.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

### Demo Contracts

> The following packages were published & used for our demo purposes, on testnet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following packages are published and used for demo purposes on Testnet.
```
